So in the last lectures we improved our recipes section a lot with the service.
Now let's work on the shopping list side on the shopping list service.
This service is empty right now.
Now here's your challenge.
For some life it would be nice if this service could manage our shopping lists or a list of ingredients.
Maybe you even add the ADD ingredient method here so that you can add ingredients using the service
too.
We already got this add functionality here in the shopping list component.
It shouldn't live here anymore though and with debt we would take a huge step forward.
So your chance to pause the video and try this on your own thereafter we'll solve it together.
So were you successful.
Let's fill this shopping service with some live.
Four days out first of all copy my ingredients here and add it here as a property to the service.
And of course a need to import ingredient from the shared folder from the ingredient model there.
Now with that we got the data in here and I will make it as private now just like in their shopping
excuse me in the recipe service.
I will add I get ingredients method here where I will return my ingredients but only a copy of it with
the slice method so that I can't access the original aere stored in the service.
With that I can go back to my shopping list component and I will set this to an uninitialized property
but I can inject my shopping list service.
Now again the question is Where should be provided now for now.
We can provide it here in the shopping list component and therefore it would all be available in the
shopping added component but actually later I also want to access it from my recipe section.
That is why I will actually provided an app module and here I will add it to disk providers or for shopping
list service.
Make sure to also add to import at the top of your.
So now we will be able to use a service application wide including in other services and I exactly need
this behavior because we will soon use it in an average service.
So back to the shopping list component then we can now injector shopping the service and will bind a
to a property named s.l service.
Of course you can choose a different name which will be of type shopping list service and you need to
add the import pointing to the shopping list.
That service file with that an engine in it because you should do all tasks which required a bit more
heavy lifting or in general as a good practice.
All initializations in N-G on in it.
Therefore here I will simply assign my ingredients to whatever the shopping service returns me.
If I call get ingredients here.
With this in place if we save this and we go to a shopping list area this is still working so that's
great.
Now let's make sure that we can also add items so add the ADD ingredient
method to your and I know that I will receive an ingredient here of type ingredient and all I want to
do then is I want to access my ingredients and push this new ingredient on it.
So your ingredient Now if we go to the shopping added component.
Right now we're emitting and even with our own ingredient we no longer need to do this so we can get
rid of the event of output and of the imports you're related to this.
We can also go to the shopping component h team l file and remove our listener where we listen to this
event and any shopping list component types could follow we can get rid of the on ingredient added method
because we'll now do this in the service.
So back to shopping at a component where we create a new ingredient here I want to use the service and
for this I will exercise my service so I will inject s l service here.
Like this.
Make sure to add to import of course enden on an item.
I'll add s.l service and add an ingredient to it.
This new ingredient here.
Now if we save this and now try adding a new item here bread one we don't see it but we also don't get
an error.
Now there is something wrong here and we will find out what and fix it in the next lecture.